what are you taking amoxicillin for how
great is this you're already comfortable
enough to look through my stuff
oh I'm sorry Michele this is my roommate
Rachel hi
and I'm also Emma's mother Oh who's Emma
Oh III told you about my daughter this
is your daughter I could be your new
mommy ah you tell me you were a doctor
whoa wait a minute you haven't even told
her that you are a doctor yet how long
have you known her like an hour actually
about an hour and a half I told you it
wasn't long but there's an amazing
connection between us you feel that too
oh I thought that that was just me
are you kidding oh hey do you want to go
away this weekend we'll see okay Ross
what's going on here are we just
bringing strange women back to the
apartment now I don't know are we just
kissing guys on balconies huh how do you
know about that through the magic of
sight I was here putting our child to
sleep Emma when I happened to look
through the window and see you kissing a
guy you've known for what a week
Oh God I said what this is all about did
you bring her up here to get back at me
no actually see I had to pee cuz I can't
use public bathrooms because of the
Doody parasites okay it's time to go
well call me okay
no wait you don't have my phone number
um you know what if it's meant to be
I'll guess it score oh I'm sorry did you
not like her because I was hoping maybe
we could come to one of your kissing
parties on the balcony oh god you know I
can't believe I'm making such a big deal
about this it was one kiss one guy one
time oh really
yeah oh really oh yeah what about the
guy from the bar what who the guy you
gave your number to how do you know
about that because he called here
looking for you so don't tell me this is
kissing this guy from work is a one-time
thing okay cuz you've been out there and
in bars and on balconies for over a
month now and you'll even have the
courtesy to tell me why didn't I get
that message what from the guy in the
bar why didn't I get that message
because I folded it up and put it in my
pants pocket do you do you not look
there
raus I never gave it to you why I don't
oh god you know what I don't who do you
think you are who are you to decide what
messages I should or should not get Who
am I yes I'm the guy who's taking care
of our baby while you're out at bars
meeting guys I cannot believe you you
know I actually came in here hoping to
have a mature conversation with you
about us but I can't do that with
someone who hides my messages and brings
crazy women back to my apartment
hey none of the same ones wanted to come
back with me that's that's it's not the
point okay the point is you you are the
one who moved on and didn't tell anyone
Ross this is just so messed up what's
wrong with us you know when people hear
about our situation they always ask what
you live together but you're not a
couple and yet you have a baby isn't
that weird and I say you know you know
what it's not because it works for us
but you know what this doesn't work in
fact this is he the opposite of working
huh clearly and you know we said that we
would we would live together as long as
this makes sense and maybe this you know
just doesn't make sense anymore yeah
maybe not so what do you want to do Hey
hi can Emma and I live here for a while
god of course your eyebrows look weird